The Second Task

Cedric Diggory was nervous. He was about to face the second task of the Triwizard Tournament, and he had no idea what it was. He had spent weeks trying to figure out the clue that the golden egg had given him, but he had only managed to crack it open yesterday, with the help of Harry Potter.

He had heard a song that said:

"Come seek us where our voices sound,
We cannot sing above the ground,
And while you're searching ponder this:
We've taken what you'll sorely miss,
An hour long you'll have to look,
And to recover what we took,
But past an hour, the prospect's black,
Too late, it's gone, it won't come back."

He had realized that the task involved going underwater and finding something that he would miss. But what could it be? And how could he breathe underwater for an hour?

He had asked Harry for help, but Harry had said that he didn't know either. He had suggested that Cedric should ask someone who knew about magical creatures, like Hagrid or Professor Kettleburn.

Cedric had decided to ask Hagrid, since he was more friendly and approachable. He had gone to his hut last night and knocked on the door.

Hagrid had opened it and greeted him with a smile.

"Hello, Cedric," he had said. "What can I do for you?"

Cedric had explained his problem and asked Hagrid if he knew of any way to breathe underwater.

Hagrid had nodded and said, "Of course I do. There are several ways, actually. You could use a Bubble-Head Charm, or a Gillyweed, or a Transfiguration spell, or a..."

He had gone on and on, listing various methods and their pros and cons. Cedric had listened carefully and tried to remember everything.

He had thanked Hagrid and left, feeling more confident and prepared.

He had decided to use Gillyweed, since it seemed the simplest and most effective option. Hagrid had given him some, saying that it was a plant that grew in the lake and that it would give him gills and webbed fingers and toes for an hour.

Cedric had taken the Gillyweed with him this morning and waited for the task to begin.

He was standing on the shore of the lake, along with Harry, Fleur Delacour, and Viktor Krum. They were surrounded by a large crowd of spectators, who were cheering and clapping.

The judges were sitting at a table nearby, watching them closely. They were Ludo Bagman, Bartemius Crouch, Madame Maxime, Igor Karkaroff, and Albus Dumbledore.

Dumbledore stood up and raised his hand for silence.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he said in a clear voice. "Welcome to the second task of the Triwizard Tournament. As you know, our champions have been given a clue about what they must do today. They have one hour to complete the task. If they fail to do so, they will lose points. If they succeed, they will gain points. The task is simple: they must retrieve what has been taken from them."

He paused and looked at the champions.

"Are you ready?" he asked.

They nodded nervously.

"Very well," Dumbledore said. "On my mark... three... two... one... go!"

He waved his wand and a loud horn sounded.

Cedric wasted no time. He stuffed the Gillyweed into his mouth and ran into the water.

He felt a strange sensation in his throat and lungs. He felt like he was choking. He tried to cough, but nothing came out.

He panicked for a moment, thinking that he had made a mistake. But then he realized that he could breathe. He could breathe underwater.

He opened his eyes and saw that he was underwater. He saw bubbles coming out of his mouth and nose. He saw fish swimming around him. He saw plants waving in the current.

He also saw that he had gills on his neck and webbed fingers and toes. He felt a surge of excitement and curiosity.

He swam deeper into the lake, looking for what he had to find.

He wondered what it could be. What did he miss? What did he care about?

He thought of his family, his friends, his house, his school...

He thought of Cho Chang.

Cho Chang was a girl in his year who he liked very much. She was beautiful, smart, kind, and brave. She was also a Seeker for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team.

Cedric had asked her to go to the Yule Ball with him, and she had said yes. They had danced together and talked together and had a wonderful time.

Cedric had wanted to kiss her, but he had been too shy and nervous. He had hoped to get another chance, maybe after the tournament.

He wondered if she liked him back. He wondered if she missed him too.

He hoped that she was not what had been taken from him. He hoped that she was safe and happy.

He swam faster, looking for a sign of her.

He saw a light in the distance. He swam towards it, hoping that it was a clue.

He reached the light and saw that it was coming from a large bubble. Inside the bubble, he saw four people.

He recognized them immediately.

They were Harry, Fleur, Krum, and Cho.

They were unconscious and floating in the water. They looked pale and cold.

Cedric felt a shock of fear and anger. He realized that they were what had been taken from him. They were what he had to rescue.

He looked around and saw that there were four merpeople guarding them. They had green skin, yellow eyes, long hair, and sharp teeth. They held spears and nets in their hands.

They looked at Cedric with hostility and curiosity.

Cedric knew that he had to act fast. He had to get Cho out of there before the hour was up.

He reached for his wand, but then he remembered that he had left it on the shore. He cursed himself for being so stupid.

He looked for another weapon, but he saw nothing useful. He only had his hands and his teeth.

He decided to use them.

He swam towards the merpeople, hoping to catch them off guard.

He grabbed one of them by the hair and pulled him down. He bit his neck and drew blood.

The merman screamed and dropped his spear. Cedric took it and stabbed another merman in the chest.

The other two merpeople reacted quickly. They threw their nets at Cedric, trying to trap him.

Cedric dodged one of them, but the other one caught him. He felt the net tighten around him. He struggled to free himself, but it was too strong.

He saw the merpeople swim towards him, ready to finish him off.

He felt a surge of despair and regret.

He thought of Cho. He thought of how he had failed her. He thought of how he would never see her again.

He wished he had kissed her when he had the chance.

He closed his eyes and waited for the end.